fix(clustered): document the use of special symbols PostgeSQL connection strings (#5591)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/clustered/install/configure-cluster/directly.md

as secrets in your Kubernetes cluster.
{{% /note %}}

{{% warn %}}

> PostgreSQL DSNs that contain special symbols may need to be percent-encoded in
> order to be parsed correctly by InfluxDB Clustered. This is particularly
> important to keep in mind when dealing with DSNs containing auto-generated
> passwords provided by cloud database providers which may automatically include
> special symbols in order to make their passwords harder to guess.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Percent-encode special symbols in PostgreSQL DSNs

Special symbols in PostgreSQL DSNs should be percent-encoded to ensure they
are parsed correctly by InfluxDB Clustered. This is important to consider when
using DSNs containing auto-generated passwords which may include special
symbols to make passwords more secure.
```

For example, the following DSN used in InfluxDB Clustered:
```
postgresql://postgres:meow#meow@my-fancy.cloud-database.party:5432/postgres
```

Would result in error logs that look like:

```
Catalog DSN error: A catalog error occurred: unhandled external error: error with configuration: invalid port number
```

To fix this, the connection string would have to have the password (or any
other part such as options) percent-encoded like so:

```
postgresql://postgres:meow%23meow@my-fancy.cloud-database.party:5432/postgres

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
For example, the following DSN used in InfluxDB Clustered:

```txt
postgresql://postgres:meow#meow@my-fancy.cloud-database.party:5432/postgres
```

Would result in an error similar to:

```txt
Catalog DSN error: A catalog error occurred: unhandled external error: error with configuration: invalid port number
```

To fix this, percent-encode special symbols in the connection string:

```txt
postgresql://postgres:meow%23meow@my-fancy.cloud-database.party:5432/postgres
```
~~~
